1 :: Which thought on gun control best describes your stance? :: The right to own firearms is subject to reasonable regulation :: Ease rules on interstate concealed gun carry :: Restrict police use of guns and all forms of control weapons :: Repeal all gun control laws and regulation of weapons
2 :: How should we handle the budget & economy? :: Restore the budget discipline of the 1990s :: End executive overreach and impose limits on spending :: Increase affordable housing & protect renter’s rights :: Reduce taxes, spending, and eliminate controls on trade
3 :: What is your thought on drug laws? :: We should support policies that will reorient our public safety approach toward prevention :: Jail time and school drug testing deters drug use :: It's time for legalization and treatment of abuse :: De-fund war on drugs, and end violent drug cartels
4 :: Which of these would you say best describes your position on illegal immigration? :: There should be a path for undocumented aliens to earn citizenship :: A porous border puts our nation at risk :: All seeking asylum should be given permanent resident status :: We should eliminate all restrictions on immigration
5 :: How should health care be handled in America? :: We must provide affordable public option through ACA :: We should repeal ObamaCare :: There should be universal Single-Payer Health Care for everyone in the US :: We should restore and revive a free market health care system
6 :: Where do you stand on the Environment? :: Climate change poses a real and urgent threat to our economy, our national security, and our children’s health and future :: Policy that supports conservation must equally address economic growth and development :: We need to replace fracking, coal power stations, subsidies to fossil fuels and nuclear with the clean green efficient renewable energy of the future ::  I disagree with the notion that capitalism is the cause of global warming and the government has the solution
7 :: What should be done about the topic of abortion? :: I strongly and unequivocally support Roe v. Wade :: We need to defund Planned Parenthood :: We must offer abortion services and contraception free to women :: Government should be kept out of the matter of abortion
8 :: How should we help the impoverished and homeless? :: We need to take aggressive steps to increase affordable housing :: I oppose government run welfare programs for the poor, and believe it encourages laziness and dependence on the government :: We must enact a Homeless Bill of Rights to address affordable housing crisis :: We should only help poor via voluntary charitable efforts
9 :: What is your stance on free trade policies? :: We must pursue a trade policy that puts workers first :: The US must promote open markets and expand free trade. Not only does trade grow the American economy, but it spreads global freedom. :: There must be international trade policies that respect the planet's ecology and peoples' social needs :: Government efforts to control or manage trade are improper
10 :: How should we handle criminal laws in this country? :: We must end mass incarceration & reform criminal justice :: Criminals behind bars cannot harm the public :: We should focus on crime prevention instead of harsher sentences :: We should repeal all victimless crime laws as in gambling, drugs, sex, etc
11 :: What thought on Social Security best describes your stance? :: Protecting the promise of Social Security is absolute :: We should make retirement saving options voluntary, portable, & secure :: I oppose the privatization of Social Security :: Replace the Social Security system with a private system